Master, why are you here?
If we don't come, you're going to break the sky
Wan'er dare not
Also ask the master to play Mr. Baojiamu
presumptuous
He is a martial artist
No one can hit him yet
Uh no
Hum, this king's apprentice
When did you become a trash?
The traitor will not kneel down to this king
Master, please protect Mr. Lu
King Xuanbei has always been a strict teacher
How did you teach your apprentice to be so disobedient?
This king asks you again to let go
Let if the master refuses to say
You don't have to do this
I can handle this.
I'll stop you later
You take your family and leave first
As loyal
You go fast
I didn't expect the master to attack me
as finished
To please
You even killed your own apprentice
This king will go back and explain to you
In that case, you don't have to survive